<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-US" xml:lang="en-US">

<head>
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc"/>
  <title>Danh mục sách được trích dẫn</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/stylesheet1.css"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">

  <section id="section" class="level1 unnumbered">

    <header>

      <p id="top">

    </p>

      <p>DANH MỤC SÁCH ĐƯỢC TRÍCH DẪN HOẶC GIỚI THIỆU</p>

    </header>

    <ul>

      <li>

        <p>Adams, D. (2003). The <em>Salmon of Doubt.</em> London: Pan.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Alexander, R. D. and Tinkle, D. W., eds (1981). <em>Natural Selection and Social Behavior.</em> New- York: Chiron Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Anon. (1985). <em>Life - How Did It Get Here? By Evolution or by Creation?</em> New York: Watchtower Bible and Tract Society.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ashton, J. E, ed. (1999). <em>In Six Days: Why 50 Scientists Choose to Believe in Creation.</em> Sydney: New Holland.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Atkins, P. W. (1992). <em>Creation Revisited.</em> Oxford: W. H. Freeman.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Atran, S. (2002). <em>In Gods We Trust.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Attenborough, D. (1960). <em>Quest in Paradise.</em> London: Lutterworth.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Aunger, R. (2002). <em>The Electric Meme: A New Theory of How We Think.</em> New York: Free Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Baggini, J. (2003). <em>Atheism: A Very Short Introduction.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Barber, N. (1988). <em>Lords of the Golden Horn.</em> London: Arrow.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Barker, D. (1992). <em>Losing Faith in Faith.</em> Madison, WI: Freedom From Religion Foundation.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Barker, E. (1984). <em>The Making of a Moonie: Brainwashing or Choice?</em> Oxford: Blackwell.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Barrow, J. D. and Tipler, F. J. (1988). <em>The Anthropic Cosmological Principle.</em> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Baynes, N. H., ed. (1942). <em>The Speeches of Adolf Hitler,</em> vol. 1. Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Behe, M. J. (1996). <em>Darwin’s Black Box.</em> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Beit-Hallahmi, B. and Argyle, M. (1997). <em>The Psychology of Religious Behaviour, Belief and Experience.</em> London: Routledge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Berlinerblau, J. (2005). <em>The Secular Bible: Why Nonbelievers Must Take Religion Seriously.</em> Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Blackmore, S. (1999). <em>The Meme Machine.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Blaker, K., ed. (2003). <em>The Fundamentals of Extremism: The Christian Right in America.</em></p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Plymouth, MI: New Boston.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Bouquet, A. C. (1956). <em>Comparative Religion.</em> Harmondsworth: Penguin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Boyd, R. and Richerson, P. J. (1985). <em>Culture and the Evolutionary Process.</em> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Boyer, P. (2001). <em>Religion Explained.</em> London: Heinemann.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Brodie, R. (1996). <em>Virus of the Mind: The New Science of the Meme.</em> Seattle: Integral Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Buckman, R. (2000). <em>Can We Be Good without God?</em> Toronto: Viking.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Bullock, A. (1991). <em>Hitler and Stalin.</em> London: HarperCollins.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Bullock, A. (2005). <em>Hitler: A Study in Tyranny.</em> London: Penguin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Buss, D. M., ed. (2005). <em>The Handbook of Evolutionary Psychology.</em> Hoboken, NJ: Wiley.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Cairns-Smith, A. G. (1985). <em>Seven Clues to the Origin of Life.</em> Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Comins, N. F. (1993). <em>What if the Moon Didn’t Exist?</em> New York: HarperCollins.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Coulter, A. (2006). Godless: The Church of Liberation. New York: Crown Forum.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Darwin, C. (1859). <em>On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection.</em> London: John Murray.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, M. Stamp (1980). <em>Animal Suffering.</em> London: Chapman &amp; Hall.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (1976). <em>The Selfish Gene.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (1982). <em>The Extended Phenotype.</em> Oxford: W. H. Freeman.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (1986). <em>The Blind Watchmaker.</em> Harlow: Longman.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (1995). <em>River Out of Eden.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp; Nicolson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (1996). <em>Climbing Mount Improbable.</em> New York: Norton.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (1998). <em>Unweaving the Rainbow.</em> London: Penguin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dawkins, R. (2003). <em>A Devil’s Chaplain: Selected Essays.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp; Nicolson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dennett, D. (1995). <em>Darwin’s Dangerous Idea.</em> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dennett, D. C. (1987). <em>The Intentional Stance.</em> Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dennett, D. C. (2003). <em>Freedom Evolves.</em> London: Viking.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dennett, D. C. (2006). <em>Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon.</em> London: Viking.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Deutsch, D. (1997). <em>The Fabric of Reality.</em> London: Allen Lane.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Distin, K. (2005). <em>The Selfish Meme: A Critical Reassessment.</em> Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Dostoevsky, F. (1994). <em>The Karamazov Brothers.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ehrman, B. D. (2003a). <em>Lost Christianities: The Battles for Scripture and the Faiths We Never Knew.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press. Ehrman, B. D. (2003b). <em>Lost Scriptures: Books that Did Not Make It into the New Testament.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ehrman, B. D. (2006). <em>Whose Word Is It?</em> London: Continuum.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Fisher, H. (2004). <em>Why We Love: The Nature and Chemistry of Romantic Love.</em> New York: Holt. Forrest, B. and Gross, P. R. (2004). <em>Creationism’s Trojan Horse: The Wedge of Intelligent Design.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Frazer, J. G. (1994). <em>The Golden Bough.</em> London: Chancellor Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Freeman, C. (2002). <em>The Closing of the Western Mind.</em> London: Heinemann.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Galouye, D. F. (1964). <em>Counterfeit World.</em> London: Gollancz.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Glover, J. (2006). <em>Choosing Children.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Goodenough, U. (1998). <em>The Sacred Depths of Nature.</em> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Goodwin, J. (1994). <em>Price of Honour: Muslim Women Lift the Veil of Silence on the Islamic World.</em> London: Little, Brown.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Gould, S. J. (1999). <em>Rocks of Ages: Science and Religion in the Fullness of Life.</em> New York: Ballantine.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Grafen, A. and Ridley, M„ eds (2006). <em>Richard Dawkins: How a Scientist Changed the Way We Think.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Grand, S. (2000). <em>Creation: Life and How to Make It.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp; Nicolson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Grayling, A. C. (2003). <em>What Is Good? The Search for the Best Way to Live.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp; Nicolson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Gregory, R. L. (1997). <em>Eye and Brain.</em> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Halbertal, M. and Margalit, A. (1992). <em>Idolatry.</em> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Harris, S. (2004). <em>The End of Faith: Religion, Terror and the Future of Reason.</em> New York: Norton.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Harris, S. (2006). <em>Letter to a Christian Nation.</em> New York: Knopf.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Haught, J. A. (1996). 2Ơ00 <em>Years of Disbelief: Famous People with the Courage to Doubt.</em> Buffalo, NY: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hauser, M. (2006). <em>Moral Minds: How Nature Designed our Universal Sense of Right and Wrong.</em> New York: Ecco.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hawking, S. (1988). <em>A Brief History of Time.</em> London: Bantam.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Henderson, B. (2006). <em>The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.</em> New York: Villard.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hinde, R. A. (1999). <em>Why Gods Persist: A Scientific Approach to Religion.</em> London: Routledge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hinde, R. A. (2002). <em>Why Good Is Good: The Sources of Morality.</em> London: Routledge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hitchens, C. (1995). <em>The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice.</em> London: Verso.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hitchens, C. (2005). <em>Thomas Jefferson: Author of America.</em> NewYork: HarperCollins.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Hodges, A. (1983). <em>Alan Turing: The Enigma.</em> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Holloway, R. (1999). <em>Godless Morality: Keeping Religion out of Ethics.</em> Edinburgh: Canongate.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Holloway, R. (2001). <em>Doubts and Loves: What is Left of Christianity.</em> Edinburgh: Canongate.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Humphrey, N. (2002). <em>The Mind Made Flesh: Frontiers of Psychology and Evolution.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Huxley, A. (2003). <em>The Perennial Philosophy.</em> New York: Harper.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Huxley, A. (2004). <em>Point Counter Point.</em> London: Vintage.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Huxley, T. H. (1871). <em>Lay Sermons, Addresses and Revielus.</em> NewYork: Appleton.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Huxley, T. H. (1931). <em>Lectures and Essays.</em> London: Watts.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Jacoby, S. (2004). <em>Freethinkers: A History of American Secularism.</em> New York: Holt.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Jammer, M. (2002). <em>Einstein and Religion.</em> Princeton: Princeton University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Jaynes, J. (1976). <em>The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind.</em> Boston: Houghton Mifflin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Juergensmeyer, M. (2000). <em>Terror in the Mind of God: The Global Rise of Religious Violence.</em></p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Berkeley: University of California Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Kennedy, L. (1999). <em>All ill the Mind:</em> A <em>Farewell lo God.</em> London: Hodder <em>&amp;c</em> Stoughton.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Kertzcr, D. I. (1998). <em>The Kidnapping of Edgardo Mortara.</em> New York: Vintage.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Kilduff, M. and Javers, R. (1978). <em>The Silicide Cult.</em> New York: Bantam.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Kurtz, P., ed. (2003). <em>Science and Religion: Are They Compatible?</em> Amherst, NY: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Kurtz, p. (2004). <em>Affirmations: Joyful and Creative Exuberance.</em> Amherst, NY: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Kurtz, P. and Madigan, T. J., eds (1994). <em>Challenges to the Enlightenment: In Defense of Reason and Science.</em> Amherst, NY: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Lane, B. (1996). <em>Killer Cults.</em> London: Headline.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Lane Fox, R. (1992). <em>The Unauthorized Version.</em> London: Penguin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Levitt, N. (1999). <em>Prometheus Bedeviled.</em> New Brunswick, NJ: Rutgers University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Loftus, E. and Ketcham, K. (1994). <em>The Myth of Repressed Memory: False Memories and Allegations of Sexual Abuse.</em> New York: St Martin’s.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>McGrath, A. (2004). <em>Dawkins’ God: Genes, Memes and the Meaning of Life.</em> Oxford: Blackwell.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Mackie, J. L. (1985). <em>The Miracle of Theism.</em> Oxford: Clarendon Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Medawar, P. B. (1982). <em>Pluto’s Republic.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Medawar, P. B. and Medawar, J. s. (1977). <em>The Life Science: Current Ideas of Biology.</em> London: Wildwood House.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Miller, Kenneth (1999). <em>Finding Darwin’s God.</em> New York: HarperCollins.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Mills. D. (2006). <em>Atheist Universe: The Thinking Person’s Answer to Christian Fundamentalism. B</em>erkeley: Ulysses Books.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Mitford, N. and Waugh, E. (2001). <em>The Letters of Nancy Mitford and Evelyn Waugh.</em> New York: Houghton Mifflin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Mooney, C. (2005). <em>The Republican War on Science.</em> Cambridge, MA: Basic Books.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Perica, V. (2002). <em>Balkan Idols: Religion and Nationalism in Yugoslav States.</em> New York: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Phillips, K. (2006). <em>American Theocracy.</em> New York: Viking.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Pinker, S. (1997). <em>How the Mind Works.</em> London: Allen Lane.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Pinker, S. (2002). <em>The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature.</em> London: Allen Lane.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Plimer, I (1994). <em>Telling Lies for God: Reason vs Creationism.</em> Milsons Point, NSW: Random House.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Polkinghorne, J. (1994). <em>Science and Christian Belief: Theological Reflections of a Bottom-Up Thinker.</em> London: SPCK.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Rees, M. (1999). <em>Just Six Numbers.</em> London: Weidenfejd &amp; Nicojson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Rees, M. (2001). <em>Our Cosmic Habitat.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp; Nicojson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Reeves, T. C. (1996). <em>The Empty Church: The Suicide of Liberal Christianity.</em> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Richerson, P J. and Boyd, R. (2005). <em>Not by Genes Alone: How Culture Transformed Human Evolution.</em> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ridley, Mark (2000). <em>Mendel’s Demon: Gene Justice and the Complexity of Life.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp; Nicolson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ridley, Matt (1997). <em>The Origins of Virtue.</em> London: Penguin.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ronson, J. (2005). <em>The Men Who Stare at Goats.</em> New York: Simon &amp; Schuster.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ruse, M. (1982). <em>Darwinism Defended: A Guide to the Evolution Controversies.</em> Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Russell, B. (1957). <em>Why I Am Not a Christian.</em> London: Routledge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Russell, B. (1993). <em>The Quotable Bertrand-Russell.</em> Amherst, NY: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Russell, B. (1997a). <em>The Collected Papers of Bertrand Russell,</em> vol. 2: <em>Last Philosophical Testament, 1943-1968.</em> London: Routledge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Russen, B. (1997b). <em>Collected Papers,</em> vol. 11, ed. J. C. Slater and P. Kôllner. London: Routledge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Russell, B. (1997c). <em>Religion and Science.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ruthven, M. (1989). <em>The Divine Supermarket: Travels in Search of the Soul of America.</em> London: Chatto &amp; Windus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Sagan, C. (1995). <em>Pale Blue Dot.</em> London: Headline.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Sagan, C. (1996). <em>The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark.</em> London: Headline.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Scott, E. C. (2004). <em>Evolution vs. Creationism: An Introduction.</em> Westport, CT: Greenwood.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Shennan, S. (2002). <em>Genes, Memes and Human History.</em> London: Thames &amp; Hudson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Shermer, M. (1997). <em>Why People Believe Weird Things: Pseudoscience, Superstition and Other Confusions of Our Time.</em> New York: W. H. Freeman.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Shermer, M. (1999). <em>How We Believe: The Search for God in an Age of Science.</em> New York: w. H. Freeman.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Shermer, M. (2004). <em>The Science of Good and Evil: Why People Cheat, Gossip, Care, Share, and Follow the Golden Rule.</em> New York: Holt.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Shermer, M. (2005). <em>Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown.</em> New York- Holt</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Shermer, M. (2006). <em>The Soul of Science.</em> Los Angeles: Skeptics Society.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Silver, L. M. (2006). <em>Challenging Nature: The Clash of Science and Spirituality at the New Frontiers of Life.</em> New York: HarperColhns.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Singer, P. (1990). <em>Animal Liberation.</em> London: Jonathan Cape.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Singer, P. (1994). <em>Ethics.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Smith, K. (1995). <em>Ken’s Guide to the Bible.</em> New York: Blast Books.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Smolin, L. (1997). <em>The Life of the Cosmos.</em> London: Weidenfeld &amp;Nicolson.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Smythies, J. (2006). <em>Bitter Fruit.</em> Charleston, SC: Booksurge.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Spong, J. S. (2005). <em>The Sins of Scripture.</em> San Francisco: Harper.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Stannard, R. (1993). <em>Doing Away with God? Creation and the Big Bang.</em></p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>London: Pickering Steer, R. (2003). <em>Letter to an Influential Atheist.</em> Carlisle: Authentic Lifestyle Press</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Stenger, V. J. (2003), <em>Has Science Found God? The Latest Results in the Search for Purpose in the Universe.</em> New York: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Susskind, L. (2006). <em>The Cosmic Landscape: string Theory and the Illusion of Intelligent Design.</em> New York: Little, Brown.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Swinburne, R. (1996). <em>Is There a God?</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Swinburne, R. (2004). <em>The Existence of God.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Taverne, R. (2005). <em>The March of Unreason: Science, Democracy and the New Fundamentalism.</em> Oxford: Oxford University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Tiger, L. (1979). <em>Optimism: The Biology of Hope.</em> New York: Simon&amp; Schuster.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Toland, J. (1991). <em>Adolf Hitler: The Definitive Biography,</em> New York: Anchor.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Trivers, R. L. (1985). <em>Social Evolution.</em> Menlo Park, CA: Benjamin/Cummings.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Unwin, S. (2003). <em>The Probability of God: A Simple Calculation that Proves the Ultimate Truth.</em> New York: Crown Forum.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Vermes, G. (2000). <em>The Changing Faces of Jesus.</em> London: Allen Lane.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Ward, K. (1996). <em>God, Chance and Necessity.</em> Oxford: Oneworld.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Warraq, I. (1995). <em>Why I Am Not a Muslim.</em> New York: Prometheus.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Weinberg, s. (1993). <em>Dreams of a Final Theory.</em> London: Vintage.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wells, G. A. (1986). <em>Did Jesus Exist?</em> London: Pemberton.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wheen, F. (2004). <em>How Mumbo-Jumbo Conquered the World: A Short History of Modem Delusions.</em> London: Fourth Estate.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Williams, W, ed. (1998). <em>The Values of Science: Oxford Amnesty Lectures 1997.</em> Boulder, CO: Westview.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wilson, A. N. (1993). <em>Jesus.</em> London: Flamingo.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wilson, A. N. (1999). <em>God’s Funeral.</em> London: John Murray.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wilson, D. S. (2002). <em>Darwin’s Cathedral: Evolution, Religion and the Nature of Society.</em> Chicago: University of Chicago Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wilson, E. O. (1984). <em>Biophilia.</em> Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Winston, R. (2005). <em>The story of God.</em> London: Transworld/BBC.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wolpert, L. (1992). <em>The Unnatural Nature of Science.</em> London: Faber&amp; Faber.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Wolpert, L. (2006). <em>Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast: The Evolutionary Origins of Belief.</em> London: Faber &amp; Faber.</p>

      </li>

      <li>

        <p>Young, M. and Edis, T., eds (2006). <em>Why Intelligent Design Fails: A Scientific Critique of the New Creationism.</em> New Brunswick: Rutgers University Press.</p>

      </li>

    </ul>

  </section>

</body>

</html>